10.6.0 Release (#4673)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/_changelogs/10.6.0.md

## 10.6.0

_Released 8/16/2022_

**Features:**

> - Introduced a new Cypress experiment, experimentalSingleTabRunMode, for

Author: ```suggestion
- Introduced a new Cypress experiment, `experimentalSingleTabRunMode`, for
```

  Component Testing. When enabled, all specs will execute in a single tab,

>   similar to the Component Testing alpha in Cypress 9. Addresses

Author: ```suggestion
  similar to the execution behavior observed in Component Testing alpha in Cypress 9, which can improve `run` mode performance, but can impact spec isolation and reliability on large test suites. Addresses
```

  [#22353](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/22353).

> - Added version as a variable that can be used in
>   CYPRESS_DOWNLOAD_PATH_TEMPLATE. Addresses

Author: ```suggestion
- Enhanced the [`CYPRESS_DOWNLOAD_PATH_TEMPLATE`](/guides/references/advanced-installation#Environment-variables) environment variable interpolation to accept and replace `${version}` to allow version-specific download paths to be honored. Addresses
```

  [#5141](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/5141),
  [#16976](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/16976), and
  [#22864](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/22864).

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed an issue where the Firefox browser was not downloading files to the
  expected directory in Windows. Fixes
  [#17896](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/17896).
- Fixed an issue where the unique session id logic was not persisting registered
  session ids, which incorrectly allowed session ids to override previously used
  session ids with different setups. Fixes
  [#22381](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/22381).
- Fixed an issue where absolute path glob manipulation was incorrectly breaking

>   supportFile/spec glob patterns that contained deep instances of the working

Author: ```suggestion
  `supportFile` and `specPattern` glob patterns that contained deep instances of the working
```
